Update example commands in README (#182)
IntelPython/scikit-learn_bench: README.md

### Benchmarks Runner

How to run sklearnex benchmarks on CPU using the `sklbench` module and regular scope of benchmarking cases:

```bash
python -m sklbench --configs configs/regular \
    --filters algorithm:library=sklearnex algorithm:device=cpu \
    --environment-name ENV_NAME --result-file result_sklearnex_cpu_regular.json
# Same command with shorter argument aliases for typing convenience
python -m sklbench -c configs/regular \
    -f algorithm:library=sklearnex algorithm:device=cpu \

>     -e ENV_NAME -r result_sklearnex_cpu_regular.json

Reviewer: This `ENV_NAME` is very unclear to me.

The docs say:
> Environment name to use instead of it's configuration hash.

But that doesn't tell me what the environment is or what is is used for. Should `ENV_NAME` be substituted with something else? Is it required?

```

The default output is a file with JSON-formatted results of benchmarking cases. To generate a better human-readable report, use the following command:

```bash
python -m sklbench -c configs/regular \
    -f algorithm:library=sklearnex algorithm:device=cpu \
    -e ENV_NAME -r result_sklearnex_cpu_regular.json \
    --report --report-file result-sklearnex-cpu-regular.xlsx
```

> In order to optimize datasets downloading and get more verbose output, use `--prefetch-datasets` and `-l INFO` arguments:

Reviewer: Please remember to provide info about the requirements for kaggle data.

> In order to optimize datasets downloading and get more verbose output, use `--prefetch-datasets` and `-l INFO` arguments:

Reviewer 2: Why not to use `--prefetch-datasets` as the default recommendation for regular runs?
Does it have any drawbacks?

```bash
python -m sklbench -c configs/regular \
    -f algorithm:library=sklearnex algorithm:device=cpu \
    -e ENV_NAME -r result_sklearnex_cpu_regular.json \
    --report --report-file report-sklearnex-cpu-regular.xlsx \
    --prefetch-datasets -l INFO
```

> To select measurement for few algorithms only, extend filter (`-f`) argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run benchmarks for a for few algorithms only, extend filter (`-f`) argument:
```

```bash
# ...

>   -f algorithm:library=sklearnex algorithm:device=cpu algorithm:estimator=PCA,KMeans

Reviewer: Here it could mention that these algorithms need to be in the config JSON.

To combine raw result files gathered from different environments, call the report generator:

```bash

> python -m sklbench.report \

Reviewer: I think this one is missing the flag that's needed when mixing sklearn and sklearnex.
